NARRATOR: With the fierce
battleagainst Team Flare
behind them,
our heroes are now working
hard to reopen the Lumiose Gym.
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
MEYER: Okay, that's enough.
MEYER: Thanks, Pikachu.
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
MEYER: Now, let's take a break.
ASH: Thanks a lot.
SERENA:
Are you feeling better now?
MEYER: I'm fine!
MEYER: After all,
this guy's made out of bricks!
ASH: Just a little bit more
MEYER: Right. All we
have left is a final check.
We'll be up and
running tomorrow!
BONNIE: Yay! Yippee!
ASH: Clemont's gonna be so glad!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT:
All right How about this?
CLEMBOT: Initializing program!
Hi. My name is Clembot.
Nice to meet you.
CLEMONT:
I'm Clemont. I created you.
The pleasure is all mine.
CLEMBOT: Clemont. Hello.
GIOVANNI: So.
GIOVANNI: News of
Team Flare's untimely demise
has reached headquarters.
JAMES:
One fact is not widely known.
JESSIE: You see, the successful
execution of our plan
had a huge hand in
Team Flare's ultimate downfall!
GIOVANNI: Well, I look
forward to your report.
MEOWTH: As soon as the
Lumiose Airport reopens,
we'll be winging it
back to headquarters ASAP.
GIOVANNI:
Good. I will be expecting you.
INKAY: [HAPPY]
MEOWTH: You hear that?
JAMES: Hard work and
trouble really does pay off!
Our tireless Kalos
toiling has allowed us
to grab the brass ring!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
Ka‐ching! Ring a ding ding!
JESSIE: There's
something lacking, though.
Like, some sort of
surprise that'll really
blow the Boss away!
JAMES: Good point!
Now if we were to gift the
Twerp's Pikachu as a bonus
MEOWTH: We'll make our
new home in happy land!
MEOWTH: The Boss will have
Pikachu and we'll have dough!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
A‐catching we will go
INKAY: [EXCITED]
WOBBUFFET: [EXCITED]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
MEYER: I see. So it didn't work.
BONNIE: I'm sorry.
DEDENNE: [SAD]
CLEMONT: I'm afraid the
data's completely lost,
it's impossible to get back.
ALVIN: Hello! 'Scuse me!
ALVIN: I came to
challenge the Lumiose Gym!
ALVIN:
It's YOU! You're you're Ash!
ASH/PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ALVIN: The Kalos League finals
were the most amazing EVER!
ASH: You saw them, huh?
ALVIN: You were so cool!
I got so into it!
That's why I wanna battle
in the Kalos League, too!
CLEMONT: A battle, then.
My name's Clemont,
and I'm the Lumiose Gym Leader.
ALVIN: Wait. Where's Clembot?
CLEMONT:
So that's what happened.
ALVIN:
Okay. I see. A while back‐
I challenged this Gym.
But Clembotbeat me badly.
ALVIN: I was so upset!
I knew I wanted to
battle Clembot again!
And win that badge!
So I've been training really,
really hard ever since!
ASH: I know just how you feel!
Trainers and Pokémon
work really hard together
because they've just gotta win!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE:
So then what will you do?
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT:
Clembot can battle with you,
but it's back to
its default memory,
so it won't remember
anything from before. Sorry.
ALVIN: I don't care.
I want to battle Clembot!
Can I? Please?
CLEMONT:
I understand. One thing.
The battlefield isn't ready yet,
so I hope you'll be
able to come back tomorrow.
CLEMONT: In the meantime, I'll
give Clembot some final tweaks.
ALVIN: Great!
ALVIN: Thank you so much!
CLEMONT: See you tomorrow!
BONNIE: Yeah! Bye‐bye!
MEYER: 'Scuse h!
Professor Sycamore just called.
MEYER: Alain's going
to be coming back today!
ASH: Wow! Awesome!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
MAIRIN/CHESPIE: [STRUGGLING]
CHESPIE: [CONCERNED]
ASH: Hey, you guys!
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
MAIRIN:
Ash, what are you doing here?
ASH: What happened?
MAIRIN: Well, see
SERENA: I can guess.
MAIRIN: Alain's coming home,
so I thought we'd
have a little party.
BONNIE/DEDENNE: [SNIFFING]
CLEMONT: It smells
like something's burning
MAIRIN: Burning?! NO!
MAIRIN: Totally ruined.
It's my specialty.
SERENA: I've got it.
Mairin, any ingredients left?
SERENA: We can make it work out.
I'll help! We'll make it great!
CLEMONT: I can help, too!
ASH: And we'll all
get it done in time!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
BONNIE: I wanna decorate, 'kay?
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
MAIRIN: Hey, thanks, everyone!
CHESPIE: [GRATEFUL]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Glad you're back.
Have you been busy?
ALAIN: Yeah.
BONNIE:
I wonder what Squishy's doing
ASH:
Don't worry. Squishy's fine.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Yeah, you're right.
It's probably lying in the sun.
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [AMUSED]
SERENA: Ta‐da! Finished!
ASH: Looks so good!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: We're back!
SERENA: Professor!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Here.
MAIRIN: Welcome home, Alain.
We're having a little
party to welcome you back.
Everyone helped!
ASH: We've been waiting!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Let's eat
before it all gets cold!
CLEMONT: I'll go make some tea!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Not bad, eh?
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
MAIRIN/PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
SERENA: This is so tasty. Wow!
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
PANCHAM: [EATING] / [ANNOYED]
CHESPIN: [EATING] / [SURPRISED]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM: [ANGRY]
CHESPIN: [THREATENING]
BRAIXEN: [WORRIED]
CHESPIE: [PEACEMAKING]
PANCHAM: [DISMISSIVE]
DEDENNE: [OFFERING]
CHESPIN:
[QUESTIONING] / [DELIGHTED]
DEDENNE: [RELIEVED]
MAIRIN:
Here, try this one, Alain.
MAIRIN: Like it? Is it good?
ALAIN: Yeah.
MAIRIN: I'm so glad!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
So the Lumiose Gym is reopening.
BONNIE: There's already a
challenger waiting! Right?
CLEMONT: Yeah
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Tell me about your plans
from here on out.
SERENA: Uh
ASH: I'm thinking of
going back to Kanto.
ASH: Back to
Pallet Town to start over.
I mean completely,
like start from the ground up.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
‐PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Ground up?
‐ASH: Uh huh.
There are
so many strong Trainers!
I'll begin again!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: That sounds
like something you'd do.
CHESPIN: [GROANING]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: Not again
BONNIE: Why do you
have to eat so much?!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Let's get Chespin to bed!
CLEMONT: Oh, Chespin
ZIGZAGOON: [HAPPY]
HELIOPTILE, PSYDUCK: [EXCITED]
MARILL: [CHEERING]
AZURILL X 3: [EXCITED]
MARILL: [EXCITED]
CATERPIE, WEEDLE: [INTERESTED]
ZIGZAGOON, HELIOPTILE,
PSYDUCK, LINOONE: [EXCITED]
ALAIN: Good to see you.
COMBEE: [GREETING]
ASH: It's been a while
since you've seen them, huh?
GARCHOMP: [GREETING]
ALAIN: Yeah.
GARCHOMP: [HAPPY]
ASH: So what about you?
What are your plans?
ALAIN: I'm not really sure.
ASH: Oh. I see.
ALAIN: I didn't mean to,
but I helped
Lysandre with his plan
whether I knew it, or not.
ALAIN: I caused trouble for
a lot of people and Pokémon.
I made so many mistakes.
ASH: Alain
ALAIN: I can't even begin
to make up for them all.
ASH: I don't know
much about that, but
ASH: I do know that
battling you was a blast!
ASH: I got so pumped up
and excited during the finals!
I'm sure my Pokémon
felt the same way, too!
ALAIN: Thanks, Ash.
ASH: That's it! I guess
ASH: Just promise me one thing.
That you'll battle me again.
ALAIN: Again?
ALAIN:
You're always helping me out
and you did it again.
I guess I never really
could win once and for all.
ALAIN:
It's a deal. We'll battle again.
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Pikachu!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Psyduck!"
ASH: What happened?
BONNIE: They stole Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Team Rocket!
When are you gonna stop?!
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
never, young Twerp!
JAMES: And make it double,
you're the duke of derp!
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: So now that the
planet is back on its feet
JAMES: We're back on
the Pikachu burglary beat!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
J‐AMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or
prepare for a newsworthy fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: You had
better let Pikachu go, or else!
JESSIE: Or else? Or else what?
Are you going to tell us
how marvelous everything is
until we give up?
JAMES: This prized Pikachu has
a one‐way ticket to the Boss!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Oh, no you don't.
Now, Greninja, Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
JESSIE: Gourgeist, Shadow Ball!
JAMES:
'Kay, In use Psybeam!
INKAY/GOURGEIST:
[SHADOW BALL MOVE][PSYBEAM MOVE]
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
JESSIE: Second act? Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
ALAIN:
Charizard, use Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
JESSIE:
That smoke's bad for my lungs!
JAMES: Vacuum them up with VIM!
MEOWTH: And VIGOR!
ASH: Greninja, use Cut
and destroy their machine!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
‐ASH: You okay, buddy?
‐PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH:
All right, cut the comedy!
JAMES: Use Psybeam!
JESSIE:
Now, Dark Pulse, let's go!
SERENA: Braixen, Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
CLEMONT:
Chespin, use Pin Missile!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [PANICKING]
ASH: Pikachu, Thunderbolt, go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
ALAIN: Charizard, Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET/
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [SCARED]
JAMES: In our defense, please.
Let's not forget those two
were Kalos League finalists.
MEOWTH:
I would've wagered the Twerp
and the big guy for the win.
JESSIE: Pikachu is still
a great homecoming gift!
Gotta fly for now,
but we'll be back!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Alain, you're incredible.
ALAIN: You too, Ash.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Oh well,
I'll go and get my tools.
CLEMONT: Just think.
It's your first battle.
CLEMONT: Let's do it!
MEYER: The Lumiose Gym
battle between Clembot,
the substitute Gym Leader,
and Alvin, the challenger,
will now begin!
MEYER: Each Trainer will
have the use of three Pokémon,
and the battle is over
when all three Pokémon on either
side are unable to continue!
CLEMONT: Clembot! You ready?
CLEMBOT: Yes sir!
My first Pokémon is Magnemite!
MAGNEMITE: [APPEARING]
ALVIN: Vivillon, today we win!
VIVILLON: [APPEARING]
ASH: I wonder what they'll do.
Can't wait to see!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
MEYER: All right, battle begin!
CLEMBOT: Bug and Flying
types like Vivillon
are weak against
Electric‐type moves.
Use Electro Ball!
MAGNEMITE: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
ALVIN:
All right Vivillon, Flash!
VIVILLON: [FLASH MOVE]
MAGNEMITE: [IMPACT]
ALVIN: Quiver Dance, now!
VIVILLON: [QUIVER DANCE MOVE]
CLEMBOT: What's my next move?!
CLEMONT: First, stay calm!
CLEMONT: Focus and observe!
Predict your opponent's next
move and give precise commands!
CLEMBOT:
Observe, sir? Then predict?
ALVIN: Vivillon, use Stun Spore!
VIVILLON: [STUN SPORE MOVE]
MAGNEMITE: [STUNNED]
ALVIN:
All right! Use Energy Ball!
VIVILLON: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
MAGNEMITE: [SCARED]
CLEMBOT: Magnemite!
MEYER:
Magnemite is unable to battle!
Vivillon's the winner!
ALVIN: YESS!
SERENA: Vivillon completely
paralyzed its opponent
with Stun Spore
ASH: They attacked
without missing a beat!
He's awesome!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMBOT: Magnemite, return!
CLEMONT: Listen, Clembot.
You can't get nervous!
CLEMONT: Eyes open at all times!
CLEMBOT:
Right. Watch me win this time!
CLEMBOT: Magneton!
MAGNETON: [APPEARING]
ALVIN: Vivillon, use Stun Spore!
VIVILLON: [STUN SPORE MOVE]
CLEMBOT: Use Rain Dance!
MAGNETON: [RAIN DANCE MOVE]
VIVILLON: [STRUGGLING]
CLEMBOT: Magneton, use Thunder!
MAGNETON: [THUNDER MOVE]
VIVILLON: [IMPACT]
ALVIN: Vivillon!
VIVILLON: [STUNNED]
MEYER: Vivillon is unable
to battle! Magneton wins!
CLEMONT:
You slowed up its movement
and attacked using Thunder!
Good! Excellent strategy!
CLEMBOT: Because I observed,
predicted, then formed a plan.
Watch me win again!
ALVIN: Use Flamethrower!
CLEMBOT: Use Thunder!
PYROAR: [IMPACT]
PYROAR: [STUNNED]
MEYER:
Pyroar is unable to battle!
Magneton's the winner!
CLEMBOT: We did it, sir!
CLEMONT: Clembot?
Doesn't it feel good to win?
CLEMBOT: Yes!
ALVIN:
My last Pokémon. Cubone, GO!
CUBONE: [APPEARING]
CLEMBOT: Ground type.
Electric‐type moves?
They have no effect.
Weak against Water types.
Magneton is at a disadvantage.
ALVIN: Cubone, Bonemerang!
CUBONE: [BONEMERANG MOVE]
CLEMBOT: Magneton, Sonic Boom!
MAGNETON: [SONIC BOOM MOVE]
ALVIN: Cubone, Brick Break, go!
CUBONE: [BRICK BREAK MOVE]
MAGNETON: [IMPACT]
MAGNETON: [STUNNED]
MEYER:
Magneton is unable to battle!
Cubone's the winner!
CUBONE: [PROUD]
ALVIN: All right!
CLEMBOT:
All right, Magneton, return.
CLEMONT: It's upsetting to lose.
But losing is how you
learn to become stronger.
Use the experience.
It's not over , you know!
CLEMBOT: Yes sir!
CLEMBOT: Now, Heliolisk!
I need your help!
HELIOLISK: [APPEARING]
ALVIN: That badge is mine,
no matter what!
Cubone, Brick Break!
CUBONE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMBOT: Dodge it, Heliolisk!
CUBONE: [BRICK BREAK MOVE]
HELIOLISK: [EXERTION]
CLEMBOT:
Electric‐type moves won't work.
Instead, Dragon Tail!
HELIOLISK: [DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
ALVIN: Block!
HELIOLISK: [EXERTION]
CUBONE: [EXERTION]
ALVIN: Use Bone Rush!
CUBONE: [BONE RUSH MOVE]
CLEMBOT: Use Focus Blast!
HELIOLISK: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
CUBONE: [PAINED]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [SHOCKED]
CLEMBOT: Success!
CUBONE: [DETERMINED]
ALVIN: All right! No.
We're never giving up!
I'm sure we're
going to beat Clembot!
Clembot taught us a lot!
CLEMBOT: All Pokémon
possess infinite possibilities.
And tapping into them?
CLEMONT, CLEMBOT:
That's a Trainer's duty!
ALVIN: Your words inspired me to
train really hard ever since!
CLEMBOT: My words?
ALVIN: Cubone, use Bonemerang!
CUBONE: [BONEMERANG MOVE]
CLEMBOT:
Focus Blast, one more time!
HELIOLISK: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
HELIOLISK: [SURPRISED]
HELIOLISK: [STUNNED]
MEYER:
Heliolisk is unable to battle!
Cubone's the winner!
Which means the victor is Alvin,
the challenger!
ALVIN: All right! We did it!
YAY! Cubone, you were great!
Thanks!
CUBONE: [HAPPY]
CLEMBOT: Having a
Pokémon battle is lots of fun.
Most enjoyable.
CLEMONT: Good.
CLEMONT: Give him this.
CLEMBOT: Congratulations, Alvin!
Here is your Voltage Badge.
ALVIN: Thanks a lot. Wow!
ASH: Good for you, Alvin!
ALVIN: Thanks!
SERENA:
You battled well, Clembot!
BONNIE: Magnemite,
Magneton, and Heliolisk
They were great, too!
CLEMBOT: Yes! Thank you
all for cheering for us.
CLEMBOT: I want to learn
a lot more about Pokémon.
To learn more about
drawing out a Pokémon's power.
Won't you teach me?
Please, Clemont!
CLEMONT: I'd love to!
Let's grow together, deal?
CLEMBOT: It's a deal!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: All right,
now that we're
gathered here together
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
It's Kalos League award time!
ASH: Award time?
SERENA: Right! It never happened
because of the horrible
things Team Flare was doing.
CLEMONT: You're right! So let's
award Ash and Alain right here!
BONNIE:
I know! Let's award EVERYONE!
MAIRIN: Everyone?
BONNIE: Yeah! 'Cause we
all b ed Team Flare, right?
That's why!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
A great idea, Bonnie.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: This is to
celebrate our talented Trainers
and their Pokémon.
Congratulations on second place.
ASH: This is awesome. Thanks!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Congratulations, Alain.
Alain? I'm wondering.
Would you consider helping
me out again? With my research?
ALAIN: But I can't
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
I could use your assistance.
And Lumiose sure could too
We all could.
ALAIN: All right.
MAIRIN: Yeah! That's great!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
LUMIOSE RESIDENTS CROWD: Ten!
Nine! Eight! Seven!
Six! Five! Four!
Three! Two! One!
MEYER: Today is a
day for celebration!
Let's celebrate with a bang!
SERENA: Wow!
ASH: Electricity's cool!
BONNIE: Yay! It's so pretty!
CLEMONT: That signals
the Lumiose Gym is back!
ASH: I'm gonna
shine like Prism Tower!
Like the brightest star!
Whaddaya say, buddy?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Me, too!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: Serena, you haven't
told us what your plans are yet
SERENA:
I'm really not quite sure
PALERMO:
Would you like to learn with me?
ASH:
You'll be just fine, Serena!
ASH: I believe in you.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Wow! Thank you, Ash!
NARRATOR:
Surrounded by the bright lights
and glittering splendor of
the newly repaired Prism Tower,
each of our heroes has made
a decision for their future,
as the journey continues!